docs: the QPainter path is a build-time alternative, not a runtime fallback (#4705)
aethersdr/AetherSDR: README.md

### GPU Spectrum Rendering

> GPU-accelerated spectrum/waterfall rendering requires Qt 6.7 or greater (`QRhiWidget`). Since the build now requires Qt 6.8 as a minimum, every build — source or release binary, the aarch64 AppImage included — clears that floor and renders via QRhi.

Author: Nit, non-blocking. "every build — source or release binary … renders via QRhi" is the one overclaim this PR leaves standing, and it's false in both directions: the Intel macOS DMG is a release binary built `=OFF` (which the next paragraph then corrects), and a *source* build silently drops to the QPainter path when Qt's private GUI headers are absent — `CMakeLists.txt:425-431` sets `AETHER_GPU_SPECTRUM OFF` if `Qt6GuiPrivate` isn't found. That's the single most likely way a reader of this section ends up on the QPainter path, and right now the section doesn't mention it.

```suggestion
GPU-accelerated spectrum/waterfall rendering requires Qt 6.7 or greater (`QRhiWidget`). Since the build now requires Qt 6.8 as a minimum, no build is held back by the Qt version any more — the aarch64 AppImage included. What decides whether a given binary renders via QRhi is the `AETHER_GPU_SPECTRUM` build option, and for a source build whether Qt's private GUI headers are installed: CMake turns the option off with `GPU spectrum rendering disabled — Qt6GuiPrivate not found` when they are missing (install `qt6-base-private-dev` / `qt6-qtbase-private-devel`).
```

The CPU `QPainter` path is a **build-time alternative, not a runtime fallback**. `AETHER_GPU_SPECTRUM` selects `SpectrumWidget`'s base class — `QRhiWidget` or `QWidget` — so a GPU-enabled binary does not contain the `QPainter` path at all; its `paintEvent()` is never compiled. Of the shipped artifacts only the Intel macOS DMG is built the other way, and deliberately: `QRhiWidget` misbehaves on older Metal/OpenGL hardware.

Having no GPU is usually a non-event, because in practice "no GPU" means a software rasterizer rather than nothing. QRhi comes up on whatever the platform provides — llvmpipe or softpipe (Mesa), WARP or Microsoft Basic Render (D3D11), SwiftShader — and the app detects it and says so: **Help ▸ About** shows a `Renderer:` line reading `CPU QRhi (…)` rather than `GPU QRhi (…)`, naming the backend and device. Rendering is correct, just slow.

> If QRhi cannot initialise at all — no usable GL/D3D/Metal, as on a headless host, in some VMs, or behind a broken driver — there is nothing to fall back to. The spectrum does not draw, and the log records `SpectrumWidget: QRhi initialization failed — no GPU backend`. The rest of the app (controls, audio, radio I/O) is unaffected.

Author: **Blocker — this log line is unreachable, so the described symptom won't match what the user sees.**

`SpectrumWidget::initialize()` is a `QRhiWidget::initialize` override (`SpectrumWidget.h:805`), and its only other caller is `render()` at `SpectrumWidget.cpp:14395` — which is itself the `QRhiWidget::render` override. Qt invokes neither unless `QRhiWidgetPrivate::rhi` is non-null, so the `if (!r)` guard at `SpectrumWidget.cpp:12797-12800` never fires. There's no other caller in the tree.

What actually happens in the state this paragraph describes is on Qt's side: `QRhiWidget::paintEvent` calls `ensureRhi()`, and on failure logs its own warning and emits `renderFailed()`. Both strings are in the shipped library:

```
$ strings /usr/lib/libQt6Widgets.so.6 | grep -i rhi
QRhiWidget: No QRhi
QRhiWidget: QRhi is not supported on this platform.
```

`grep -rn renderFailed src/` returns zero hits, so nothing connects that signal either — which is precisely the "no user-facing notice" follow-up you already flagged, and worth stating here rather than pointing at a string that will never appear.

```suggestion
If QRhi cannot initialise at all — no usable GL/D3D/Metal, as on a headless host, in some VMs, or behind a broken driver — there is nothing to fall back to. The spectrum does not draw, and the failure is reported by Qt rather than by AetherSDR: the log records `QRhiWidget: QRhi is not supported on this platform.` or `QRhiWidget: No QRhi`, and `QRhiWidget::renderFailed()` fires with nothing listening, so there is no notice in the UI. The rest of the app (controls, audio, radio I/O) is unaffected.
```
